about love and respect just takes a
little work sorry
just remember even when we know our
spouse loves us we still like to be
reminded little romantic gestures go a
long way did you hear that or that hurt
you know what I told you about listening
in on my session I'm bored out here okay
it's not very professional and neither
by the way was flirting with mr. Curtis
this morning in front of his wife hey
he's hot he's got money and his marriage
is on the rocks you can't blame me for
undoing one little button one button you
looked like you were waiting for a
mammogram why are you so cranky about
it's your birthday you must have special
plans with your special lady actually my
wife's still out of town I know I Met
Your Mother
okay I have been spending a little more
time with my mom since her divorce but I
am NOT spending my 30th birthday having
dinner with my mom grab your coat Benjy
mom he's a big fat martini before the
symphony
we're going to a concert hey dr. bone
yaaaa
well if you done in there I'm just gonna
go do my filing now dr. burry
that'd be great but as I told you I'm
not technically a doctor
hey people come to you you help them to
me that's a doctor a lovely thing to say
Bianca but Benny's right he's not a
doctor oh god what an awful day I had
today quadruple bypass with
complications and then I get out of the
or I get into the elevator and who is
standing there yeah I said my day was
awful not disastrous
I've been Oh Oh Stuart I've forgotten
how weakly you enter a room Liddy get
with you in the room a panther would
enter meekly you know my last patient
cancelled and I thought I would take my
son for a beer but if you two have plans
well we do but that's not for an hour
there's no reason the three of us can't
have a quick birthday drink is there
absolutely not perfect great so what
kind of fun night you have plans well
I'm taking band as a symphony they're
playing malas des lead one to elder I'd
say happy birthday but that ship has
sailed
[Music]
it's chase please just call my office
and we'll schedule another procedure but
let's remember this time the long-term
results of liposuction depend on what
you do as much as on what I do in other
words I can suck the fat out of your ass
but I can't get it out of your
refrigerator so happy birthday thanks
Shirley this year your birthday's
tomorrow no yesterday I meant early for
you
my mom she forgot to remind me I'll uh
make a note of it for next year is that
another new phone this thing is
ridiculous it has everything internet
satellite TV GPS plus it's a video
camera it's all that really necessary in
a phone I mean it is so pointless and
show up in thoughtful give me thoughtful
you're gonna love that phone before you
got married
don't start uh Naomi I love Naomi I
admire the way she's always flying off
to protest global warming her exploited
workers or genital mutilation she's a
hoot she's passion and she cares that's
why she spent the last eight days in
northern Oregon chained to a redwood
well a couple more days with her that's
real chop itself down
hey boys hey my usual right here you
brother tell me you will comment I god I
need this today rough night in the yard
not that we need to hear about it while
we're eating sky last night breaks into
the Central Park Zoo so we could take a
picture of a polar bear where he's Mets
cap I gathered the bear didn't like that
I told you it shoot him a new one there
wouldn't be using an expression
hey you finished with that you know I'm
squeamish but you still have to come in
here grossed me out and steal my
breakfast is that some kind of bizarre
lesbian power game it's just trying it's
been a while
seriously Regina you need to get out
your board you're between girlfriends no
trust me if I were between girlfriends I
wouldn't be born you know who you should
ask out dad's receptionist crystal have
you seen her lately she's awesome but I
did